Feature/shopify-tooltip-credits (#2474)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/shopify/how-tos-banner.en.md

----[mlb]----

# How to promote "Linha de Crédito" in your store

------------
----[mlm]----

# How to promote "Compra ahora, paga después" in your store

------------
----[mla]----

# How to promote "Cuotas sin Tarjeta" in your store

------------

> **Mercado Pago Banner** is an app that allows you to promote the payment option of ----[mlb]----[Linha de Crédito](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mlm]----[Compra ahora, paga después](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mla]----[Cuotas sin Tarjeta](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ during the checkout process, which is Mercado Pago's financing option that offers the ability to pay in installments without needing a credit card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mercado Pago Banner** is an app that allows you to promote ----[mlb]----[Linha de Crédito](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mlm]----[Compra ahora, paga después](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mla]----[Cuotas sin Tarjeta](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ as a payment option during the checkout process, which is Mercado Pago's financing option that offers the possibility to pay in installments without needing a credit card.
```

Once the app is installed, sellers can easily integrate a customized banner into their store, effectively communicating to buyers the option to pay in installments without a card, thus encouraging sales.

> WARNING
>
> Attention
>
> Before installing the Mercado Pago Banner, it is necessary to have configured the display of the ----[mlb]----[Linha de Crédito](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mlm]----[Compra ahora, paga después](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mla]----[Cuotas sin Tarjeta](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ from Mercado Pago in your store's checkout.

To install Mercado Pago Banner, follow the steps below:

1. Access the [Mercado Pago Banner app page](https://apps.shopify.com/mercado-pago-antifraud-plus) and click on **Install**. If you haven't done so already, log in with your Shopify account.
2. Carefully read the information about the requested permissions and click on **Install** again.

> 3. If you have already installed the the ----[mlb]----[Linha de Crédito](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mlm]----[Compra ahora, paga después](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mla]----[Cuotas sin Tarjeta](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ app, you do not need to enter your credentials again, but you can change them if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you have already installed the ----[mlb]----[Linha de Crédito](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mlm]----[Compra ahora, paga después](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ ----[mla]----[Cuotas sin Tarjeta](/developers/en/docs/shopify/integration-configuration/meses-sin-tarjeta)------------ app, you do not need to enter your credentials again, but you can change them if necessary.
```

> WARNING
>
> Important
> 
> Remember that, when changing the Shopify password, **it is necessary to renew your credentials**. To do so, follow the instructions in the [Best practices for credentials](/developers/en/docs/shopify/best-practices/credentials-best-practices/secure-credentials) documentation. Then, to update them on your Shopify account, click on **Manage account** and fill in the corresponding fields with your `access_token` and `public_key` **being careful not to swap the fields when copying and pasting the credentials**.

> 4. Click on the **Save banner** option of Mercado Pago Banner, go to the "Go to themes" section of Shopify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click on the **Save banner** option of Mercado Pago Banner and go to the "Go to themes" section of Shopify.
```

> 5. The banner will be automatically added to the product page, but **you can also add it to any section of the store that allows inserting a product information block**. To do this, drag the Mercado Pago Banner block up or down, moving it to the desired position.

Reviewer: Heits, te propongo pasar la primera frase, " The banner will be automatically added to the product page" al punto anterior, y cambiar la redacción de esta a:
"If you wish to add the banner to any other section of the store that allows inserting a product information block as well, drag the Mercado Pago Banner block up or down, moving it to the desired position."

6. Finally, click **Save** to complete the banner setup.

Done! The **Mercado Pago Banner** has been successfully enabled!

## Banner customization

After enabling the banner display, you can customize it by changing its color and the message that will be displayed. To do this, follow the steps below.

1. Go to your [Shopify](https://accounts.shopify.com/store-login) store.
2. In the store's admin panel, click on **Apps** and select the "Mercado Pago Banner" app.
3. Click on the **Save banner** option in the Mercado Pago Banner and go to the "Go to themes" section of Shopify.

> 4. Click on the banner in question so you can view the customization options. You can also move it and position it in the section of the page you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click on the banner so you can view the customization options. You can also move it and position it in the section of the page you prefer.
```

5. In the left sidebar menu, choose the background color of the banner that best matches your store, which can be **transparent** or **white**.

> 6. If you wish, you can change the display phrase of the banner. There are 4 distinct options to choose the one you prefer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If you wish, you can change the display phrase of the banner. There are 4 options to choose the one you prefer.
```

> 7. Finally, click **Save** so that the banner begins to show in your store with the selected customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Finally, click **Save** so that the banner starts to show in your store with the selected customization.
```
